Make the tutorial work from a remote host (#1079)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/tutorials/create-your-first-substrate-chain/interact.md

balance transfer as described above, you should see an event for the transfer in the Event component
next to the Pallet Interactor.

## Troubleshooting

> In case of this error `Error Connecting to Substrate { "isTrusted": true }` and if you run the node as a remote host, you can create ssh local port forwarding to access the Front-End Template at http://localhost:8000/:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get `Error Connecting to Substrate { "isTrusted": true }` 
when connecting to a node on remote host, for _testing only_ you can create 
an `ssh` local port forwarding to access tyour node from a local Front-End Template 
at http://localhost:8000/:
```

Reviewer: this woks, but also linking here (using the right syntax) to the notes that already exist here is needed: Well, actually I would have expect from you guys and that I found myself is adding ssh local forwarding. It is actually suggested in the private network part. And the command would be as follow: ssh -L 9944:127.0.0.1:9944 <remote user>@<remote ip> -N -f
Thanks anyway :)

Reviewer: a mention of the _right_ was with a wss cert woulds be needed (I think(

Author: @NukeManDan  Thank you for the review. This issue was solved by doing ssh local forward. If you have any other solution that works also, please do mention it.
